Simplify tooling by switching completely to uv (#48223)
mistercrunch/Airflow: airflow-core/docs/extra-packages-ref.rst

packages.

While the original installation methods via ``apache-airflow`` distribution package and extras still
work as previously and it installs complete airflow installation ready to serve as scheduler, webserver, triggerer
and worker, the ``apache-airflow`` package is now a meta-package that installs all the other distribution
packages, it's also possible to install only the distribution packages that are needed for a specific
component you want to run airflow with.

The following distribution packages are available:

+----------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+
| Distribution package       | Purpose                                                          |                      Optional extras                     |
+----------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+
| apache-airflow-core        | This is the core distribution package that contains              | * Core extras that add optional functionality to airflow |

> |                            | the airflow scheduler, webserver, triggerer code.                |   core system - enhancing it's functionality across      |
> |                            |                                                                  |   multiple providers.                                    |
> |                            |                                                                  |                                                          |
> |                            |                                                                  | * Group ``all`` extra that install all optional          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                            | the airflow scheduler, webserver, triggerer code.                |   core system - enhancing its functionality across      |
|                            |                                                                  |   multiple providers.                                    |
|                            |                                                                  |                                                          |
|                            |                                                                  | * Group ``all`` extra that installs all optional          |
```

|                            |                                                                  |   functionalities together.                              |
+----------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+

> | apache-airflow-task-sdk    | This is distribution package that is needed                      | -                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| apache-airflow-task-sdk    | This is the distribution package that is needed                      | -                                                        |
```

|                            | to run tasks in the worker                                       |                                                          |
+----------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+
| apache-airflow-providers-* | Those are distribution packages that contain                     | * Each provider distribution packages might have its     |
|                            | integrations of Airflow with external systems,                   |   own optional extras                                    |

> |                            | 3rd-party software and services. Usually provide                 |                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                            | 3rd-party software and services. Usually they provide                 |                                                          |
```

| ssh                 | ``pip install 'apache-airflow[ssh]'``               | SSH hooks and operators              |              |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------+--------------+

Group extras
------------

> The group extras are convenience extra that install all the extras in the selected group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The group extras are a convenience extra that installs all the extras in the selected group.
```
